Before you create your face for God it's important that you understand the key and policies for Facebook
and Instagram because there are some restrictions in terms of the content the targeting and the images
that you can use in your Facebook pass.
Now the best place to understand the Facebook policies is on the Facebook Web site itself.
They have a very detailed guide about what is allowed what is not allowed and if you want to access
this for yourself you can go to Facebook come forward slash policies for Slash ads.
So the first thing to understand is that there is an odd review process before your ads show up on Facebook
and Instagram they're reviewed to make sure they meet these advertising policy laid out here that typically
that will happen and your ads will be reviewed within 24 hours.
And if for any reason you're out is not approved you'll get a notification by e-mail explaining why
and the changes that you need to make.
So let's start by looking at some of the prohibited content.
Now anything that's listed here cannot be advertised on Facebook.
And as you can imagine a lot of these things are pretty obvious like illegal products or services tobacco
products drugs.
But here there are a couple of surprising categories here like on safe supplements and that's probably
a reason why you don't see a lot of supplements for bodybuilding eccentric in your Facebook news feed
because Facebook has the sole discretion to decide whether your supplement is safe or unsafe.
So that's a big question mark.
If you are advertising in this Neech moving then again some more obvious categories like adults content
or products.
But down here is another interesting one third party infringements.
And I have a great example of this.
I had a friend who wanted to create a T-shirt company that had printed on the T-shirts the latest means
from you ran the Internet.
And the problem with this and why he wasn't able to really get his business idea off the ground on access
Facebook gods is because a lot of those means and images included copyrighted trademarked images.
So that's worth considering.
If you are going to sell T-shirts or any products like that that had copyright infringement you won't
be able to advertise them through the Facebook platform.
They're moving them a further little bit here.
There are a lot more things under the prohibited content here payday cash loans multi-level marketing
penny auctions etc..
Some of things you might expect to see now after brick Hibbett content there are restrictions on certain
other types of content like alcohol.
You must follow the local laws.
So for example in Ireland where I'm from you wouldn't be able to advertise to anybody under 18 in relation
to alcohol or other types of restricted content like online pharmacies supplements.
If you're in this business once again it's good to come in here and really check before you go through
that process of setting up your odds.
Doing all the targeting only to get approved at the end of all of that.
So prohibited unrestricted content are the big policy areas that you want to review.
Now another important one where there's a lot of confusion is text in images and Facebook recently changed
the rules on this.
So this is worth looking at in a little bit more detail.
So Facebook policies recently were or previously where they prohibited odds would tax the covered more
than 20 percent of an image.
So they wanted to keep the Facebook news feed looking good.
They don't want it looking spammy and having ads but a lot of text on them and they've recently revised
a new solution that allows ads with greater than 20 percent text to run but with less or no delivery.
Now why did they change the rule.
Well my guess is that they wanted to reduce the workload that they had in term terms of rejecting ads
and going through that approval process.
So they decided to put the onus back on the advertiser and say if you have ads that are greater than
20 percent text on the images you're going to you're going to be able to advertise but with less or
no delivery.
So let us have a look at a couple of examples for this.
Now here I am inside the boose post tool and I have an image here that has more than 20 percent text
on it so you can see a lot of text in this image here.
And I'm getting this morning saying you're boosted post may not run images with a high proportion of
text.
Don't use their budget as efficiently.
May not even run.
So you will get this automatic warning if you're trying to run an ad with more than 20 percent text.
But if you don't it's good to just ensure measured out for yourself and if you have any doubts of whether
your image contains more than 20 percent tax you can use this tool here I'll put the link in the resources
section of this lecture.
But you just upload your image and that'll really check the text for you.
Let's look at one other example and this is actually an ad that I saw on my Facebook news feed.
I have saved it so doesn't appear is enough.
Now this is an ad for Linked-In.
And as you can see there's quite a lot of text on the image here.
Now according to the Facebook rules this will get a lot less delivery or not run at all.
So I think that that rule is maybe slightly fact is flexible if everything else about the advertisers
is looking good.
But to be honest I don't know why Illington even need to include this much text.
I think just saying get fifty dollars on credits is enough for me to be curious and click through.
So to recap in this lecture what you've learned is that before your God show up on Facebook and Instagram
they are reviewed to make sure they meet those advertising policies.
Ads will get approved or disapproved within 24 hours.
But to save yourself all that time of setting up campaigns it's worth reviewing these policies before
you take the next step.
So put this link in the resources section of this lecture.
If you've any doubts go ahead and check that out now and then I'll see you in the next video.